== Heroku Connect Rails Demo

The Heroku Connect system synchronizes records in your Salesforce account with
a relational database. This simple Rails application demonstrates some techniques 
for accessing Salesforce data from the Heroku Connect database.

This application assumes that you have mapped your Account and Contact objects
from Salesforce. This results in the "account" and "contact" tables being
created in the Heroku Connect database.

This application implements ActiveRecord models classes to talk to those tables,
and adds some simple views for browsing those records.

== Getting Started

1. Sign up for a Heroku Connect account, or add the Heroku Connect addon to your
Heroku app.

2. Go through the Heroku Connect setup process, and map your Account and Contact
objects.

3. If you want database changes to be synced to Salesforce, enable "Read/Write"
mode on your Heroku Connect account.

4. Get your Heroku Connect database credentials and schema name. Set the 
`HEROKUCONNECT_URL` and `HEROKUCONNNECT_SCHEMA` variables
in your environment. If you are deploying to heroku, set those values as Config Vars.

5. Run the rails console and use the Account or Contact activerecord models
to access your data. Or run the Rails server and access http://localhost:3000

== Running the app

Run the Rails server with `rails server` or deploy to Heroku.

Access the home page, then click the _Sign Up_ link. Enter your email and password.
Now you will be logged in and can access the *Accounts* and *Contacts* pages.

== Accessing your Salesforce data

This sample app provides a re-usable ActiveRecord base class called _SalesforceModel_.
This abstract base class will connect to the database specified in the Heroku Connect_URL
environment variable. Any ActiveRecord models to access the Heroku Connect database
should inherit from this class.

